# -vendor-laravel-framework-src-Illuminate-Routing-Middleware-ThrottleRequests.php
Security to Rate Limit Bots.
Code Notes:

    The handle method is responsible for handling incoming requests and enforcing rate limiting.
    The method accepts several parameters:
        $request: The incoming request object.
        $next: The closure representing the next middleware or controller action in the pipeline.
        $maxAttempts: The maximum number of allowed attempts within a rate limiting window. Default value is 10, meaning each IP address is allowed to make a maximum of 10 requests.
        $decayMinutes: The duration of the rate limiting window in minutes. Default value is 1 minute, which represents the length of time during which the rate limiting rules are enforced.
         public function handle($request, Closure $next, $maxAttempts = 10, $decayMinutes = 1, $prefix = '')
           $this->limiter->hit($limit->key, $limit->decayMinutes * 180); this is seconds not minutes
    {
        $prefix: An optional prefix to prepend to the rate limiting key.
    The code checks if the $maxAttempts parameter is a string and if the function was called with 3 arguments. This condition is used to determine if a named limiter should be used.
    If the condition is met, the code invokes the handleRequestUsingNamedLimiter method, passing the request, closure, $maxAttempts, and the named limiter.
    If the condition is not met, the code proceeds to the default behavior and calls the handleRequest method.
    In the handleRequest method, an array of rate limiting objects is passed. Each object represents a specific rate limiting configuration:
        key: The key used to identify the rate limiting entry, typically derived from the request.
        maxAttempts: The maximum number of attempts allowed for the specified key within the rate limiting window.
        decayMinutes: The duration of the rate limiting window in minutes.
        responseCallback: An optional callback function to customize the response when rate limiting is exceeded.
    The handleRequest method handles the rate limiting logic and invokes the closure ($next) only if the rate limits are not exceeded.
    Finally, the method returns the response generated by the closure or throws a ThrottleRequestsException if rate limiting is exceeded.
